Prepare 0.7.0 release (#52)
exasol/bucketfs-python: doc/changes/changes_0.7.0.md

> # BucketFs Python 0.7.0, releaseda 2022-12-22

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# BucketFs Python 0.7.0, released 2022-12-22
```

## Summary

> Update documentation and add support for exasol toolbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated documentation and added support for exasol toolbox.
```
